1436790/1438462: Part 42: 20 files with MSDN link fixes. (#10641)
dotnet/docs: docs/framework/wpf/app-development/building-a-wpf-application-wpf.md

  
-   Microsoft Build Engine (MSBuild). In addition to the code and XAML files, the application must contain an MSBuild project file. For more information, see "MSBuild".  
  

> -   Visual Studio. Visual Studio is an integrated development environment that compiles WPF applications with MSBuild and includes a visual designer for creating UI. For more information, see [Application Development in Visual Studio](https://docs.microsoft.com/previous-versions/visualstudio/visual-studio-2013/h8w79z10(v=vs.120)) and [Design XAML in Visual Studio](/visualstudio/designers/designing-xaml-in-visual-studio).  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   Visual Studio. Visual Studio is an integrated development environment that compiles WPF applications with MSBuild and includes a visual designer for creating UI. For more information, see [Write and manage code using Visual Studio](/visualstudio/ide/index-writing-code) and [Design XAML in Visual Studio](/visualstudio/designers/designing-xaml-in-visual-studio).  
```
